# Admission-Ticket
The head of office administration in a college needs your help to implement an admission ticket distribution system from the office for the upcoming university exam. He has a list of specific tasks in how the distribution system should work. Below are the tasks ● There is only ‘c’ number of office counters in the admin section. Each counter can have at max ‘n’ number of students waiting in line. ● To start with, only one counter is opened. If the number of students waiting in line in that counter exceeds n, then the next counter is opened and students can join the line in that counter. Likewise, if both the first and second counters have n number of students waiting in each queue, then a third counter is opened. This can go on until the maximum number of counters c is reached. Let us assume that once a counter is opened it never closes. A new counter is only opened if all open counters are full. ● When an admission ticket is issued to the student, the count of the number of students in each open queue is reduced by 1. ● When a new student has to join the queue, the system has to prompt him/her to join a queue such that they are issued admission ticket as fast as possible. The system prompts the student based on these factors ▪ First it looks for an open counter with the least number of students and prompts that counter number. If more than one counter has the least number of students, then the system can prompt the student to join the first counter (smaller counter Id) it encounters with the least number of students. ▪ If the queues of all open counters are full and a new counter can be opened, then the new student is prompted to join the new queue for the new counter. ▪ If all queues for all counters are full, a corresponding message is displayed. That student need not be considered in the next iteration. ● After a queue is prompted to a student, the student or system cannot change the queue
